README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name : OOP School Library

> Imagine that you are the librarian of OOP University, and you need a tool to record what books are in the library and who borrows them. The app that you will create will allow you to:

* Add new students or teachers.
* Add new books.
* Save records of who borrowed a given book and when.

## Built With

- Ruby

## Development set up

Clone Repository using

`git clone git@github.com:amrendrakind/school-library.git`

Or using HTTPS

`git clone https://github.com/amrendrakind/school-library.git`

Move into project directory

`cd school-library`

## Available Scripts

`ruby main.rb`


## Author

👤 **Amrendra K**

- GitHub: [@amrendrakind](https://github.com/amrendrakind)
- Twitter: [@amrendrak_](https://twitter.com/amrendrak_)
- LinkedIn: [amrendraakumar](https://linkedin.com/in/amrendraakumar)

👤 **Elio Cortés**

- GitHub: [@NeckerFree](https://github.com/NeckerFree)
- Twitter: [@ElioCortesM](https://twitter.com/ElioCortesM)
- LinkedIn: [elionelsoncortes](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elionelsoncortes/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse team for guidance

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Update readme to run test scripts

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name : OOP School Library

> Imagine that you are the librarian of OOP University, and you need a tool to record what books are in the library and who borrows them. The app that you will create will allow you to:

* Add new students or teachers.
* Add new books.
* Save records of who borrowed a given book and when.

## Built With

- Ruby

## Development set up

Clone Repository using

`git clone git@github.com:amrendrakind/school-library.git`

Or using HTTPS

`git clone https://github.com/amrendrakind/school-library.git`

Move into project directory

`cd school-library`

## Available Scripts

`ruby main.rb`

## Available Scripts to Run Test cases

>Run following command

`rspec --format documentation` or/and

`rspec spec`

## Author

👤 **Amrendra K**

- GitHub: [@amrendrakind](https://github.com/amrendrakind)
- Twitter: [@amrendrak_](https://twitter.com/amrendrak_)
- LinkedIn: [amrendraakumar](https://linkedin.com/in/amrendraakumar)

👤 **Elio Cortés**

- GitHub: [@NeckerFree](https://github.com/NeckerFree)
- Twitter: [@ElioCortesM](https://twitter.com/ElioCortesM)
- LinkedIn: [elionelsoncortes](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elionelsoncortes/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Microverse team for guidance

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
